I agree.
Yuan Ping, what do you think?
As long as Concubine Shu does not commit murder
The other concubines are willing to obey the arrangement of the Empress
only
The position of concubine is not as good as Yuan Pinggao
I'm afraid so. Don't worry.
The emperor is dizzy
It's all up to the empress
I heard that there is a cold pool in the palace
The water curtain cliff in the pond is a good medicine for the tire
Why don't my sister help An Guiren marry some back?
How about the sincerity of an apology?
What!
The cold pond is unbearable for even the strong and strong
Not to mention a weak woman
The emperor and the emperor are the foundation of the establishment of the country
Such a small ring will not work
How to ensure the safety of the Imperial Temple in the future
Harm the imperial temple
It should be the nine families of Zhulian
The concubine didn't mean to see Yuan Ping
Such a small punishment
The concubine is also designed for this country
The emperor cannot be so biased for Yuan Ping alone
It's the country involved in ignoring enough